README.adoc, before:

libr4d - Linutronix Testrack Infrastructure client library
==========================================================

The libr4d is a client library to communicate with a r4d daemon
('Remote For Device-under-test') using the SOAP interface.


Prerequisite
------------

Cloning the git repository:
----
$ git clone https://github.com/ci-rt/libr4d.git
----


On a Debian Jessie system you can simply run:
----
$ sudo apt-get install debhelper dh-autoreconf git gsoap libgsoap-dev uuid-dev libglib2.0-dev
----
to satisfy all build dependencies.


Build and install libr4d as a Debian package
--------------------------------------------

The following commands will build and install the libr4d Debian package:
----
$ cd libr4d
$ dpkg-buildpackge
$ sudo dpkg -i ../libr4d0_*_*.deb
----


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright (C) 2016 Linutronix GmbH
Author: Benedikt Spranger

libr4d is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licese along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Comments are welcome.

- Benedikt Spranger <b.spranger@linutronix.de>

Commit message:

README: Add OpenSSL license exception
libr4d links with gsoap which in turn links with OpenSSL.
An OpenSSL license exception is required to include this dependency
chain in Debian:
"
  You have a GPL program linking with OpenSSL.
  This is only ok if upstream gave a license exception for this,
  otherwise the two licenses are incompatible.
  Visit the OpenSSL FAQ or/and another infotext for more information.
"

Link: https://ftp-master.debian.org/REJECT-FAQ.html
Signed-off-by: Bastian Germann <bage@linutronix.de>
Reviewed-by: Ahmed S. Darwish <a.darwish@linutronix.de>

README.adoc, after:

libr4d - Linutronix Testrack Infrastructure client library
==========================================================

The libr4d is a client library to communicate with a r4d daemon
('Remote For Device-under-test') using the SOAP interface.


Prerequisite
------------

Cloning the git repository:
----
$ git clone https://github.com/ci-rt/libr4d.git
----


On a Debian Jessie system you can simply run:
----
$ sudo apt-get install debhelper dh-autoreconf git gsoap libgsoap-dev uuid-dev libglib2.0-dev
----
to satisfy all build dependencies.


Build and install libr4d as a Debian package
--------------------------------------------

The following commands will build and install the libr4d Debian package:
----
$ cd libr4d
$ dpkg-buildpackge
$ sudo dpkg -i ../libr4d0_*_*.deb
----


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright (C) 2016 Linutronix GmbH
Author: Benedikt Spranger

libr4d is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licese along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Special exception for linking with OpenSSL:

In addition, as a special exception, the author gives
permission to link the code of this program with the OpenSSL
library (or with modified versions of OpenSSL that use the same
license as OpenSSL), and distribute linked combinations including
the two.  You must obey the GNU General Public License in all
respects for all of the code used other than OpenSSL.  If you modify
this program, you may extend this exception to your version of the
program, but you are not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to
do so, delete this exception statement from your version.

Comments are welcome.

- Benedikt Spranger <b.spranger@linutronix.de>
